Mr. Ye was given a small head treatment without any treatment.
The cerebellum doesn't deserve to die.
Alas, those who don’t know are not guilty, get up quickly,
Get up quickly. Mr. Ye deliberately revealed more of the identity of the guardian,
It's an escape show,
Let’s test the character of everyone in Yangzhou City.
Huh, I’m not a construction worker.
I really can't see these adults being so wonderful and casual.
Yes, he is not even qualified to carry Mr. Ye's shoes.
After that, even if Yangzhou walked down the guard road,
Capital investment is not even one ten thousandth of conservative.
Mr. Ye, what should Li Jia do?
Li Jiata has disgraced the man in the sun.
Li Jia came forward from the middle level
All have to disappear
I understand. That's it. It's just an hour.
I returned to Li Jia in half an hour
All you can love
Mr. Ye, is there anything else you need a minute?
I said you don’t look at you too much with my own eyes
Li Jia, we are destined